hr_employee_age/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

============
Employee Age
============

Adds and computes age field on employee

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

* clone the branch 8.0 of the repository https://github.com/OCA/hr
* add the path to this repository in your configuration (addons-path)
* update the module list
* search for "Employee Age" in your addons
* install the module

Configuration
=============

This module does not require any special configuration apart from enabling it as
shown above.

Usage
=====


Known issues / Roadmap
======================


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_employee_age%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Salton Massally (iDT Labs) <smassally@idtlabs.sl>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[Mig][IMP]hr_employee_age:Migration to 11.0.

hr_employee_age/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

============
Employee Age
============

Adds and computes age field on employee

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

* clone the branch 11.0 of the repository https://github.com/OCA/hr
* add the path to this repository in your configuration (addons-path)
* update the module list
* search for "Employee Age" in your addons
* install the module

Configuration
=============

This module does not require any special configuration apart from enabling it as
shown above.

Usage
=====
When you add the birthday of an employee, the age of an employee will auto-populate.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/116/11.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/hr/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_employee_age%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Salton Massally (iDT Labs) <smassally@idtlabs.sl>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
